#LyX 2.1 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 474
\begin_document
\begin_header
\textclass classicthesis
\use_default_options true
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language american
\language_package default
\inputencoding utf8
\fontencoding global
\font_roman default
\font_sans default
\font_typewriter default
\font_math auto
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100
\font_tt_scale 100
\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize default
\spacing single
\use_hyperref false
\papersize default
\use_geometry false
\use_package amsmath 1
\use_package amssymb 1
\use_package cancel 1
\use_package esint 0
\use_package mathdots 1
\use_package mathtools 1
\use_package mhchem 1
\use_package stackrel 1
\use_package stmaryrd 1
\use_package undertilde 1
\cite_engine natbib
\cite_engine_type numerical
\biblio_style plainnat
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\justification true
\use_refstyle 0
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\secnumdepth 2
\tocdepth 2
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\quotes_language english
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset ERT
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
pdfbookmark[1]{Acknowledgments}{acknowledgments}
\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\align right

\shape slanted
When you are studying any matter, or considering any philosophy, ask yourself
 only, what are the facts and what is the truth that the facts bear out.
\begin_inset Newline newline
\end_inset

 Never let yourself be diverted either by what you wish to believe, or by
 what you think would have beneficent social effects if it were believed.
\begin_inset Newline newline
\end_inset

 But look only, and solely, at what are the facts.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\align right
--- Bertrand Russell 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset VSpace bigskip
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset ERT
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
begingroup
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
let
\backslash
clearpage
\backslash
relax
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
let
\backslash
cleardoublepage
\backslash
relax
\end_layout

\end_inset

 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Chapter*
Acknowledgements
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
First of all, I would like to express my most respectful gratitude to my
 thesis advisors, Daniel Borgis and Luc Belloni, who have developed the
 main theories used in this thesis and and whose great knowledge of liquid
 theory as well as the genius way of thinking and explaining have given
 me a solid guide for doing this research.
 I would also like to thank them for their tireless work in correcting this
 manuscript.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I'm grateful to Maximilien Levesque, the other main developer of MDFT who
 joined the supervision of my thesis.
 Thanks for sharing some results and data that have proven useful to my
 research.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I wish to acknowledge all the great minds willing to evaluate and give ideas
 about my work: 
\color red
(noms des jurés)
\color inherit
, thank you for agreeing to be part of the jury of this thesis.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
As a master student issue from pure chemistry speciality, a lack of knowledge
 about Informatics brought to me a lot of difficulties.
 I would like to express my sincere gratitude to my colleagues Pierre Kestener,
 Matthieu Haefele, and Yacine Ould-Rouis for their huge aid in Informatics
 and very useful advices during this thesis.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
This thesis was produced at
\shape italic
 Maison de la Simulation, CEA Saclay
\shape default
, financially supported by the scholarship 
\color red
IDEX-CEA
\color inherit
.
 I acknowledge all the organizations and staff that gave me the chance to
 have this three-year experience.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I am also grateful to Thomas Wiggins for help in correcting the huge amount
 of grammar faults in this manuscript.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I'm deeply indebted to my tutors during my bachelor and master, respectively
 Mr.
 Hongwei Tan and Mrs.
 Michelle Gupta, whose clear logic and warm encouragement gave me all that
 I needed to be in love with theoretical chemistry.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Finally I would like to thank my father, who made the right decision to
 send me here in France and support me in every aspect.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset ERT
status collapsed

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
endgroup
\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
